Welcome to my Email Marketing Mastery course.
I'll be teaching you everything you need to know about email marketing from A to Z.
This course is for small business owners, local businesses,
social media influencers, brands, and marketing professionals
who want an edge in their current position.
By the end of this course, you'll understand email marketing
and be a master of optimizing your own email campaigns.
We'll cover creating your email marketing account,
uploading and creating email lists, building opt-in forms,
optimizing auto-responders, and analyzing campaign data.
Sign up now if you're ready to master email marketing once and for all.
You'll learn how to work with type, how to take advantage
of incredible font features you might not have even known existed.
And everything you need to know get started making selections
and using layer masks. Along the way, you'll complete
some quirky practice projects. Discover a few hidden surprises
and have a fair amount of fun. All the practice files
are included along with a printable cheat sheet
of common photoshop keyboard shortcuts.
By the end of this class, in addition to a profound
sense of accomplishment, you'll have a solid understanding
of photoshop basics and the foundation you need
to tackle whatever you plan to take on next.
So I'm excited for you and the adventure that
you're about to embark on. What are we waiting for?
Meet me in the next video, and let's dive in.